Add more documentation about writing asides and multi-paragraph parameters or return sections (#1475)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/other-formatting-options.md

> Experiment: Instructional information to reinforce a learning objective, or to encourage developers to try out different parts of your framework.

DocC supports two syntax alternatives for asides; one using Markdown's list syntax and the other using Markdown's block quote syntax.

For short single-line asides, these syntax alternatives differ only by their first character
---either a hyphen (`-`), asterisk (`*`), or plus sign (`+`) for the list syntax or a greater-than sign (`>`) for the quote syntax---
followed by a space, the type of aside (case insensitive), a colon, and the formatted content of the aside.
These examples below are all equivalent:

```md
- Note: Some information 
* Note: Some information 
+ Note: Some information 
> Note: Some information 
```

The text of an aside can use the same style attributes as other text, and include links to other content, including symbols. 

> > Tip: DocC will automatically capitalize the first word of the aside's content unless that word already includes a capitalized letter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tip: DocC automatically capitalizes the first word of the aside's content unless that word already includes a capitalized letter. 
```
